{\rtf1\ansi\ansicpg1252\cocoartf2865
\cocoatextscaling0\cocoaplatform0{\fonttbl\f0\fnil\fcharset0 HelveticaNeue;}
{\colortbl;\red255\green255\blue255;}
{\*\expandedcolortbl;;}
{\*\listtable{\list\listtemplateid1\listhybrid{\listlevel\levelnfc0\levelnfcn0\leveljc0\leveljcn0\levelfollow0\levelstartat1\levelspace360\levelindent0{\*\levelmarker \{decimal\}.}{\leveltext\leveltemplateid1\'02\'00.;}{\levelnumbers\'01;}\fi-360\li720\lin720 }{\listname ;}\listid1}}
{\*\listoverridetable{\listoverride\listid1\listoverridecount0\ls1}}
\paperw11900\paperh16840\margl1440\margr1440\vieww11520\viewh8400\viewkind0
\deftab560
\pard\pardeftab560\pardirnatural\partightenfactor0
\ls1\ilvl0
\f0\fs26 \cf0 {\listtext	1.	}the smell of your favourite coffee in the morning.\
{\listtext	2.	}hot showers on cold mornings with clean and cozy clothes afterwards \
{\listtext	3.	}Watch the rain and the rainbow afterwards \
{\listtext	4.	}Cuddles with your favourite stuffed animals  \
{\listtext	5.	}Enjoy your favourite soup on a cold and rainy day.\
{\listtext	6.	}To watch that movie your friend recommended on a rainy night \
{\listtext	7.	}To see snow\
{\listtext	8.	}To wear cozy socks and slippers in a cold day \
{\listtext	9.	}To treat yourself to a small gift \
{\listtext	10.	}To experience a day that you feel really really pretty and beautiful \
{\listtext	11.	}Getting hooked up on a new tv show \
{\listtext	12.	}To sleep with your favourite teddy bear \
{\listtext	13.	}To try out a new hobby \
{\listtext	14.	}To receive or get yourself your favourite flowers \
{\listtext	15.	}Spontaneous night drives for yummy food \
{\listtext	16.	}Receiving card or letters from people that loves you \
{\listtext	17.	}To watch a movie in the outdoor cinema while it\'92s raining \
{\listtext	18.	}To read new books that you find very interesting \
{\listtext	19.	}To take yourself out for a warm coffee or tea \
{\listtext	20.	}Make a birthday wish \
{\listtext	21.	}To put candles in your room and make it cozy \
{\listtext	22.	}Travel one day somewhere you really want to visit \
{\listtext	23.	}To bake yummy treats for your friends and for yourself \
{\listtext	24.	}That feeling that it\'92s like a rewind when you lay on the cold side of the pillow \
{\listtext	25.	}Late night drives with your favourite music playing on the car \
{\listtext	26.	}Morning walks in the winter sun \
{\listtext	27.	}To spend the day with a friend \
{\listtext	28.	}To look back to old photos with the best memories that have been created \
{\listtext	29.	}To have a little boogie to your favourite song \
{\listtext	30.	}To experience the \'91butterflies\'92\
{\listtext	31.	}To achieve a recovery goal\
{\listtext	32.	}To taste new weird mixes of foods that actually taste good \
{\listtext	33.	}Bubble baths \
{\listtext	34.	}Cozy clothes \
{\listtext	35.	}To spend a day in bed watching movies \
{\listtext	36.	}To dye your hair fun and different colours \
{\listtext	37.	}The satisfying feeling of peeling the plastic off of something new \
{\listtext	38.	}The little joy you feel when you pop bubble wrap \
{\listtext	39.	}The comforting feeling of having your hair brushed by someone that you love \
{\listtext	40.	}To lick the spatula when you\'92ve finished baking \
{\listtext	41.	}Getting that excitement when something you have ordered a long time ago finally arrives\
{\listtext	42.	}Feeling the freedom of eating something you want  \
{\listtext	43.	}For a home cooked meal (made with love from someone that loves you a lot)\
{\listtext	44.	}when the weather gets cold and you add in your bedding a blanket \
{\listtext	45.	}To put up clean bedding \
{\listtext	46.	}To be surprised with a present \
{\listtext	47.	}To have a good hair and make up day \
{\listtext	48.	}To watch a play in the theatre \
{\listtext	49.	}To go to fun events \
{\listtext	50.	}To taste your own baking \
{\listtext	51.	}To watch horror movies in the dark with friends and getting jump scares at every scary scene \
{\listtext	52.	}To smell different candles in a shop \
{\listtext	53.	}To join a class and learn something new \
{\listtext	54.	}To flip a pancake perfectly \
{\listtext	55.	}The feeling of getting in to fresh sheets after a shower \
{\listtext	56.	}To enjoy your morning with a cup of coffee and a beautiful view out of a window \
{\listtext	57.	}To feel at peace outside \
{\listtext	58.	}To feel that cold refreshing air outside while wearing very warm clothes \
{\listtext	59.	}To see your favourite animal\
{\listtext	60.	}For the sound of a cracking fire \
{\listtext	61.	}To discover new and aesthetically pleasing ditches \
{\listtext	62.	}Listen with headphones your favourite music in the bus \
{\listtext	63.	}Have an unforgettable moment around the fire with your friends \
{\listtext	64.	}To feed and pet some stray animals and farmyard animals \
{\listtext	65.	}Eating your favourite snack at the cinema \
{\listtext	66.	}To enjoy your childhood favourite snack \
{\listtext	67.	}For happy doggie kisses \
{\listtext	68.	}The feeling of waking up and realising you have more time to sleep \
{\listtext	69.	}The smell of your favourite perfume \
{\listtext	70.	}For FaceTime calls with your friends \
{\listtext	71.	}Cuddling with a pet \
{\listtext	72.	}To truly laugh when having fun \
{\listtext	73.	}To go to a theme park \
{\listtext	74.	}To watch Christmas movies after a long time with a hot chocolate or fast food and a blanket \
{\listtext	75.	}The smell of the fresh rain \
{\listtext	76.	}Late night ice cream \
{\listtext	77.	}Having your first salary \
{\listtext	78.	}Putting new clothes \
{\listtext	79.	}To wear your favourite shoes \
{\listtext	80.	}To learn something new about yourself \
{\listtext	81.	}Decorating the Christmas tree with Christmas songs \
{\listtext	82.	}To paint your nails with fun patterns \
{\listtext	83.	}To fix an object you thought it was broken \
{\listtext	84.	}Fun phone calls with your friends \
{\listtext	85.	}To pack up a suitcase ready for a trip \
{\listtext	86.	}For nights in hotels \
{\listtext	87.	}Go on an airplane for the first time / after a long time \
{\listtext	88.	}To dance in the rain alone or with someone you really love \
{\listtext	89.	}Feeling nostalgic of watching kids shows you used to watch as a kid \
{\listtext	90.	}Watching the sunset \
{\listtext	91.	}Pizza and movie nights \
{\listtext	92.	}Making new friends that genuinely care about you \
{\listtext	93.	} road trips \
{\listtext	94.	}Roof top mornings or nights \
{\listtext	95.	}Watching the stars \
{\listtext	96.	}Feeling proud of making someone laugh \
{\listtext	97.	}Laughing with your friends in class \
{\listtext	98.	}Feeling proud of achieving what you wanted \
{\listtext	99.	}That shock that you get after an unexpected plot twist from a good movie \
{\listtext	100.	}Getting wet in the rain without worrying \
{\listtext	101.	}Getting new earrings \
{\listtext	102.	}Smelling shampoos at the supermarket \
{\listtext	103.	}Tasting new ice cream flavours \
{\listtext	104.	}Eating your favourite junk food \
{\listtext	105.	}Listening for the first time songs that hits different \
{\listtext	106.	}Watching the moon \
{\listtext	107.	}Succeeding at making a new outfit in your mind and turning out good when you try it \
{\listtext	108.	}New songs from the artist you like \
{\listtext	109.	}Dancing alone in your room \
{\listtext	110.	}Making surprise parties for your friends \
{\listtext	111.	}Getting a new haircut that suits you a lot\
{\listtext	112.	}Finding out secret talents that you have  \
{\listtext	113.	}putting water in dry rocks at the beach \
{\listtext	114.	}To open a can and count the letters until the metallic part comes off \
{\listtext	115.	}The smell of popcorn in a movie theatre\
{\listtext	116.	}The excitement you get when you\'92re in the cinema and the lights turn off slowly when the movie is about to start \
{\listtext	117.	}Seeing the sun rise and set \
{\listtext	118.	}When you see your food coming in a restaurant \
{\listtext	119.	}Watching the stars with your loved ones \
{\listtext	120.	}Going to bed knowing you can sleep for as long as you want \
{\listtext	121.	}City lights at night \
{\listtext	122.	}Getting a compliment from a stranger \
{\listtext	123.	}Making a baby laugh \
{\listtext	124.	}The smell of fresh baked bread \
{\listtext	125.	}When you and a friend say the same thing at the same time \
{\listtext	126.	}Finding money in a pocket of a cloth you haven\'92t worn in a while \
{\listtext	127.	}When someone remembers the things eva like \
{\listtext	128.	}Going through the photos you took at the end of the day \
{\listtext	129.	}Getting lost in a book \
{\listtext	130.	}Smelling and touching the warm clothes after the dry machine finished \
{\listtext	131.	}Sleeping in the morning while every position is comfy \
{\listtext	132.	}Taking hot showers after a hard day \
{\listtext	133.	}Sunday\'92s day care\
{\listtext	134.	}Entering a warm place after being in the cold weather and freezing \
{\listtext	135.	}Unboxing a thing you wanted to buy for such a long time \
{\listtext	136.	}Walking up in excitement about a trip you\'92ve been waiting for a long time \
{\listtext	137.	}Remembering funny and happy memories \
{\listtext	138.	}Finding the perfect song for the perfect moment \
{\listtext	139.	}Receiving a long detailed message on your birthday from someone you love \
{\listtext	140.	}Walking early in the morning while there are no people around \
{\listtext	141.	}Watch the snow after a long time \
{\listtext	142.	}Wearing funny and cute socks \
{\listtext	143.	}Watching a movie and finding one character that you relate so much that you feel not alone anymore \
{\listtext	144.	}Finding someone that listens to the same artists like you and getting excited about it \
{\listtext	145.	}Finding new hairstyles that suits you a lot \
{\listtext	146.	}Getting good grades after studying a lot and knowing that it was worth the studying\
{\listtext	147.	}Wearing your favourite scarf and smelling it and the softness of it hugging all your neck \
{\listtext	148.	}Cleaning your room with your favourite playlist \
{\listtext	149.	}Playing board games with your family or friends\
{\listtext	150.	}Listening to a new song knowing that it\'92s going to be your favourite song for a while \
{\listtext	151.	}Going through an album of old pictures from the older generation\
{\listtext	152.	}Learning how to crochet \
{\listtext	153.	}Counting backwards for the new year that is coming \
{\listtext	154.	}Eating refreshing fruits in the summer after a hot day \
{\listtext	155.	}Beach times \
{\listtext	156.	}Watching the \'93smoke\'94 coming out of your mouth in the cold and just playing with it \
{\listtext	157.	}Creating a house with pillows and blankets \
{\listtext	158.	}Hearing your voice sounding weird in front of the fan \
{\listtext	159.	}Making a telescope with the hard piece of the paper roll or shouting into it like it\'92s a megaphone \
{\listtext	160.	}Folding random things or paper because you\'92re bored \
{\listtext	161.	}Watching yourself in the camera of a supermarket when you enter \
{\listtext	162.	}Waking with someone and the last person who\'92s left behind is the loser \
{\listtext	163.	}Playing chase with someone \
{\listtext	164.	}Drawing things in the frosted car window \
{\listtext	165.	}Turning off the lights and running upstairs like someone is in the dark \
{\listtext	166.	}Watching the \'93raindrop race\'94 in the car \
{\listtext	167.	}licking the spoon after baking.\
{\listtext	168.	}Creating and pop boobles \
{\listtext	169.	}When you blow the candles of your birthday cake \
{\listtext	170.	}When you blow that one white flower and now it\'92s all over the sky \
{\listtext	171.	}Playing with water guns in the summer \
{\listtext	172.	}Creating castles in the beach with sand \
{\listtext	173.	}Getting hurt and wearing funny hanzaplast \
{\listtext	174.	}Playing with the hoola hoop \
{\listtext	175.	}walking in brand new soft shoes and feeling like walking in clouds \
{\listtext	176.	}Getting in the airplane for the first time \
{\listtext	177.	}Going to the car wash and being inside the car while washing \
{\listtext	178.	}Feeling the chilly breeze air while riding a bike \
{\listtext	179.	}Riding a bike freely in nature \
{\listtext	180.	}Drinking water after wanting it for a while \
{\listtext	181.	}Eating something sweet or drinking something while laughing with your friends in a cafeteria while it\'92s raining \
{\listtext	182.	}Running with your friends in the rain because you\'92re freezing \
{\listtext	183.	}Countdown for the new year with your loved ones \
{\listtext	184.	}Going to your favourite louna park game with your friends after a lot of time \
{\listtext	185.	}Secret Santa gifts \
{\listtext	186.	}Watching you did great for a test you put the effort for \
{\listtext	187.	}Watching your pet sleeping peacefully \
{\listtext	188.	}Watching an animal trusting you to pet him \
{\listtext	189.	}When someone you love prepares for you snacks or fruits while you are studying \
{\listtext	190.	}When someone you love peels the skin of the fruits you love. \
{\listtext	191.	}When someone you love opens the water bottle for you without you asking for it. \
{\listtext	192.	}The food you ordered is so delicious like you hoped it would be \
{\listtext	193.	}When the food tastes as much good as it smells \
{\listtext	194.	}When you eat your favourite food after a very long time \
{\listtext	195.	}Getting \'93happy birthday \'93 wishes from your loved ones \
{\listtext	196.	}Watching a good series that has gotten your attention so much \
{\listtext	197.	}Finishing a hard assignment \
{\listtext	198.	}seeing sunlight shine through tree leaves.\
{\listtext	199.	}hearing your favourite song live at a concert.\
{\listtext	200.	}going through an old box full of Childhood things.\
{\listtext	201.	}hearing someone snort when they laugh.\
{\listtext	202.	}Seeing your breath on cold days.\
{\listtext	203.	}when you laugh so hard no noise comes out.\
{\listtext	204.	}when a person doesn't let go from a hug even after you do.\
{\listtext	205.	}the sound of your footsteps in the snow.\
{\listtext	206.	}Getting accepted into the university you studied hard for\
{\listtext	207.	}Moving abroad and starting a new life \
{\listtext	208.	}Meeting people from different cultures \
{\listtext	209.	}Exploring new parks full of beauty \
{\listtext	210.	}The excitement you get when you\'92re about to scare/surprise someone successfully and then you laugh it out \
{\listtext	211.	}When your hair blows in the wind \
{\listtext	212.	}When it\'92s so cold that your breath is visible \
{\listtext	213.	}The warmness of a restaurant when walking for a long time in the wind \
{\listtext	214.	}To feel loved and appreciated \
{\listtext	215.	}Dive into your adult years with the friends you love so much \
{\listtext	216.	}The privilege of being able to say that I can return home after a long day \
{\listtext	217.	}The privilege of returning in your home country and see your lovely family after being away for a long time\
{\listtext	218.	}The feeling of exchanging merry Christmas and happy new year wishes \
{\listtext	219.	}Having the privilege of still being able to taste food from your mother and grandmother \
{\listtext	220.	}Getting to know what being in love feels like \
{\listtext	221.	}Making eye contact with someone you really like \
{\listtext	222.	}Getting a love letter \
{\listtext	223.	}Helping someone and feeling good about it \
{\listtext	224.	}Finding a great new perfume \
{\listtext	225.	}Hugs that smell amazing \
{\listtext	226.	}Passing that exam you thought you would fail \
{\listtext	227.	}Singing with your friends \
{\listtext	228.	}Dancing with your friends \
{\listtext	229.	}Not being able to stop laughing with your friends \
{\listtext	230.	}Experiencing new cultures and celebrations \
{\listtext	231.	}Learning words from your friends language and them laughing at your accent \
{\listtext	232.	}A loved one giving you ointment for your wound \
{\listtext	233.	}Having inside jokes and unique words created with your friends \
{\listtext	234.	}Getting compliments for your scent \
{\listtext	235.	}Watching the days getting longer as summer approaches \
{\listtext	236.	} The privilege of watching the name mom, dad, grandpa, grandma pop up in your phone when they call \
{\listtext	237.	}The privilege of still being able to her your mom\'92s, dad\'92s, grandpa\'92s, grandma\'92s voice. \
{\listtext	238.	}Receiving a package from your home country with homemade foods and snacks you love while being abroad. \
{\listtext	239.	}Someone telling they sincerely missed you after seeing them from a long time. \
{\listtext	240.	}Getting flirted from a boy \
{\listtext	241.	}Cooking for someone and they love the food \
{\listtext	242.	}When someone approaches specifically approaches you for a topic because they know you have knowledge on that topic \
{\listtext	243.	}Getting \'93did you arrive home safely?\'94 texts and calls from someone that cares for you \
{\listtext	244.	}Unexpected sleepovers with friends \
{\listtext	245.	}Someone getting excited for your success \
{\listtext	246.	}Someone getting sad for something that happened to you \
{\listtext	247.	}Finding a person to talk about that one movie/book after dying to talk about it with someone \
{\listtext	248.	}Singing loudly songs with your friends in the street \
{\listtext	249.	}Getting tipsy with your friends\
{\listtext	250.	}The smell of suncream \
{\listtext	251.	}The way your hair looks underwater \
{\listtext	252.	}Summer evening walks \
{\listtext	253.	}Feeling the warmth of the sun on your skin \
{\listtext	254.	}Summer nights \
{\listtext	255.	}Taking a shower after a day at the beach \
{\listtext	256.	}The sound of the ocean \
{\listtext	257.	}Days when you feel pretty \
{\listtext	258.	}Those \'93I love my life\'94 moments \
{\listtext	259.	}When someone remembers the small things you like \
{\listtext	260.	}The first swim of the summer \
{\listtext	261.	}When the airplane takes off \
{\listtext	262.	}When the airplane lands \
{\listtext	263.	}Uncontrollable smiles \
{\listtext	264.	}Looking through old pictures \
{\listtext	265.	}Summer tan \
{\listtext	266.	}Sunrises/sunsets \
{\listtext	267.	}The way the water shines on water \
{\listtext	268.	}Telling a story that happened years ago and still smiling/laughing \
{\listtext	269.	}When little kids smile at you \
{\listtext	270.	}Listening to someone\'92s heartbeat\
{\listtext	271.	}The sound of birds chirping in the morning \
{\listtext	272.	}When your pet rests their head on you \
{\listtext	273.	}Your favourite part of the song \
{\listtext	274.	}Handwritten letters \
{\listtext	275.	}When someone calls you their best friend\
{\listtext	276.	}Silence that isn\'92t awkward \
{\listtext	277.	}When someone tells you that you smell nice \
{\listtext	278.	}Getting the bigger half of something \
{\listtext	279.	}When a show comes back after a long commercial break on the TV\
{\listtext	280.	}Bying something you saved money for \
{\listtext	281.	}The sound of heels clicking \
{\listtext	282.	}When you make a reference to a meme and someone gets it \
{\listtext	283.	}Not being able to finish a sentence because you\'92re laughing so hard \
{\listtext	284.	}When you say \'93bye\'94 to a group and they all say it back \
{\listtext	285.	}Smiling in the middle of a kiss \
{\listtext	286.	}Songs that give you the chills \
{\listtext	287.	}Finally remembering the word that was on the tip of your tongue \
{\listtext	288.	}Walking barefoot on the beach \
{\listtext	289.	}Hearing people cheer for you \
{\listtext	290.	}Your friends teasing you \
{\listtext	291.	}Warm and dry towels after coming out from the shower \
{\listtext	292.	}Looking back and seeing how far you\'92ve have come \
{\listtext	293.	}The first breath of air after coming up from underwater \
{\listtext	294.	}When someone drives you home and they wait until you unlock the door before driving away \
{\listtext	295.	}The moment before a kiss \
{\listtext	296.	}Good story tellers \
{\listtext	297.	}Listening to an old persons life story \
{\listtext	298.	}Finishing a book in one sitting \
{\listtext	299.	}When you stop and realise how perfect a moment is \
{\listtext	300.	}Waking up on a Christmas morning \
{\listtext	301.	}Movie nights \
{\listtext	302.	}Experiencing new culture when travelling \
{\listtext	303.	}Unexpected compliments \
{\listtext	304.	}Flirts \
{\listtext	305.	}Guys who smell good \
{\listtext	306.	}Photo Booth pictures \
{\listtext	307.	}Pens that make your handwriting better \
{\listtext	308.	}Crunchy grapes \
{\listtext	309.	}Sleeping with the windows open in summer \
{\listtext	310.	}Clean room \
{\listtext	311.	}Long weekends \
{\listtext	312.	}Turning a page when reading a book and realising that there\'92s only a couple of words left \
{\listtext	313.	}Studying and realising that the next pages are only preferences and you are done \
{\listtext	314.	}Cookies straight out of the oven \
{\listtext	315.	}The excitement of your loved ones waiting for the food you are cooking\
{\listtext	316.	}When someone puts a blanket over you when you\'92re sleeping\
{\listtext	317.	}The tininess of baby clothes and shoes \
{\listtext	318.	}Having time for yourself \
{\listtext	319.	}Being welcomed wholeheartedly into a group \
{\listtext	320.	}Kissing for the first time \
{\listtext	321.	}Singing along to the car radio \
{\listtext	322.	}The chubbiness of a baby\'92s cheeks \
{\listtext	323.	}Night swimming \
{\listtext	324.	}When someone defends you in an argument \
{\listtext	325.	}Having someone to wait for you in the departures of the airport \
{\listtext	326.	}Pink promises \
{\listtext	327.	}The feeling after watching a good movie \
{\listtext	328.	}Making a baby laugh \
{\listtext	329.	}Movie marathons on rainy days \
{\listtext	330.	}Finally laughing after holding it in \
{\listtext	331.	}When someone values your opinions \
{\listtext	332.	}Pretty skies \
{\listtext	333.	}Cuddling \
{\listtext	334.	}Being called beautiful \
{\listtext	335.	}Heading how people met \
{\listtext	336.	}Finding something you made when you were a kid \
{\listtext	337.	}Naps\
{\listtext	338.	}Warm and dry towels after coming out from the sea \
{\listtext	339.	}Having the privilege to love the cold and rainy weather \
{\listtext	340.	}Putting on the duvet after a hot summer \
{\listtext	341.	}Drinking cold water mid sleep \
{\listtext	342.	}Kisses on the forehead \
{\listtext	343.	}Watching the fireworks \
{\listtext	344.	}Making your parents proud\
{\listtext	345.	}Holding a baby in your arms\
{\listtext	346.	}The colour of people\'92s eyes\
{\listtext	347.	}Coming home to the smell of good food\
{\listtext	348.	}Recreating your family\'92s recipe and tasting exactly like it. \
{\listtext	349.	}When people try to be quite because they think you are asleep \
{\listtext	350.	}When someone defends you in an argument \
{\listtext	351.	}Kissing your crush for the first time \
{\listtext	352.	}Remembering the name of the song that has been stuck in your head\
{\listtext	353.	}Washing off the conditioner from your hair and them being soft\
{\listtext	354.	}Kisses on the neck\
{\listtext	355.	}Soft words from the one you like \
{\listtext	356.	}Someone complementing the weak parts of you \
{\listtext	357.	}Feeling easy to be loved \
{\listtext	358.	}Finding the person you were looking for in a crowd \
{\listtext	359.	}The glow of a candlelight \
{\listtext	360.	}Being interested in what is being taught in class \
{\listtext	361.	}Crawling back into a warm bed \
{\listtext	362.	}Getting your nails done and observing them for the next 24 hours with excitement \
{\listtext	363.	}Late night phone conversations \
{\listtext	364.	}Someone taking you home \
{\listtext	365.	}Goodbye hugs \
{\listtext	366.	}Goodbye kisses \
{\listtext	367.	}Feeling safe \
{\listtext	368.	}Getting tackled in a blanket that just got out of the dryer \
{\listtext	369.	}The feeling of making someone laugh after they were crying \
{\listtext	370.	}Having to hear a whole different perspective on something that you thought you would never change your mind \
{\listtext	371.	}Someone having the answer to something you were wondering for the longest time \
{\listtext	372.	}Having someone asking you questions on a topic they know you are a nerd about \
{\listtext	373.	}Someone pointing out something that you do that you never noticed that you do \
{\listtext	374.	}Convincing someone with your opinion/perspective \
{\listtext	375.	}Someone remembering foods that you (don\'92t) like \
{\listtext	376.	}Having someone to wait for you in the airport \
{\listtext	377.	}To be privileged to have someone to miss \
}